hi Duke thank you so much yeah we of
course get a lot of sports knowledge
from the guys in the pregame show but we
also get a very large entertainment
value as well and that is from really
the new kid on the block there Frank
Caliendo of course he's that comedian
who does all the impersonation so many
people don't so well caught up with me
other day after he interviewed some of
the guys in the show and as I found out
during the interview and I was asking
him some you know semi serious questions
he breaks out in character at a moment's
notice we enjoyed it during our
interview we hope sightings of enemies
really been great here for you
personally your career not just for this
course but your Alicia yeah things have
been going well I'm just out of your
having fun ain't closed for that Cameron
thank you very much there's a guy that
mines a minute boom I'm too upset about
Brett Favre I can't take it away I'm
Becca well get to it that's okay I don't
care you can bring it closer and closer
still going to be the same thing just
larger actually think the NFL planner
Percy's is a good idea demonstrates that
our country produces great products but
scratch that I'll forgot we're sending
the Dolphins Oh swimming upstream on
that joke come on I loved the vows but
also love the continents Asia Europe I
believe Gilligan's Island was what it's
the Robin Williams theory of comedy my
friends have you don't have a joke just
so choices here we go and Rebecca okay
how about what is a very far as you can
tire for you to do no
I mean as long as you make people laugh
and annoy some people at the same time
when I you know Fred far back get your
defenders of trouble a mouths a mouth
red bar back that's all right working on
are you are you nervous if Hillary no
because if Hillary wins I and back and
there will be no rules first lady yes
please second lady wanna third lady keep
them coming hi and pretty much everyone
know who interview Frank really wanted
to do with person ations out he
entertains into one of the Fox NFL
pregame staff that we have someone on
our staff who keeps us entertained all
the time veteran producer of 23 years
veteran sports printers for 23 years
Roger all who actually wanted me to say
he's 23 years old he's been with us for
23 years he knows a fantastic Pat
Summerall and Marv Albert so we figured
hey let's put Roger Marv with Frank who
you'll find out who we did in just a
moment take a look fried Bill Walton
welcome to the NBA right here on TNT and
of course but what is going on what the
NBA right now unbelievable has there
ever been a time that is so great in
this world I remember being at Berkeley
blotches of beard not connecting on my
face I could smell colors I could feel
sounds but has there ever been a player
better than detlef schrempf you know
when you'll save something like that you
really are saying a mouthful and think
about it these teeth could eat corn from
across the room and should i even have
said that charles barkley sitting in the
corner I see that's crazy why would a
guy thrown to me I'm not even on the
same show with that guy that's a
terrible terrible thing to do I had no
idea I was supposed to be in that
broadcast back to you Marv well thank
you very much Charles Barkley and you're
watching the FBI your
auntie a terrible silly a weekend we've
we've been asking them to do I've been
talking to rise and he does i have some
new Pat Summerall a time and Marv Albert
because he does such a great job and
actually having me alive it just kind of
lost his voice so we really can't do it
for us but Duke you work with him every
day so you know clearly you're
entertained by every once around the
office Roger does imitating pad mar for
everybody hey real quick and when I
asked you about Frank Frank the way he
goes from voice to voice who is his
favorite voice I don't do you know what
he does it he practices and I said it to
you do you pick anyone particularly
because you know I don't pick anyone is
this kind of time Lisa kind of talk
about to someone I practice he's
practicing on Charles Barkley as you
just heard but I think John man is what
he's known for you know he always does
John mad so he's really known for that
but I think he just he likes it all I
shouldn't plug him but he's gonna be in
new york and march 14th beacon theater
he got that in at some point so I'll
help him out he was great to us so but
through he was a lot of fun being what
the me really was and as I mentioned
everyone who interviewed him he did the
same thing for everyone so he was really
good sport about it very very funny guy
I want to ask our next guest what he
thinks about Rogers impersonations there
what you do it better Marv or a better
Pat Summerall I think it does a bed of
marble think it does morrow better than
mark does mark they fit for my money
he's better in cali endl they drew this
is my good buddy here George Martin hero
super bowl 21 had a safety in Super Bowl
21 and it took some time and is busy
walk across America which we'll get to
in a second to join us here and